well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we have to talk about a
very serious threat to American
democracy significant one the Trump
campaign is currently crying foul they
are saying suggesting that there are a
bunch of political action committees out
there that are less than sincere about
helping the president win reelection and
that they are taking in money that they
don't really use for the cause now to be
fair I've gone to a couple of these
websites and most of them have a
disclaimer saying they are not
affiliated with the Trump campaign but
the Trump campaign is nevertheless
suggesting that they're almost conning
people and given the money that the
person making the contribution would
believe is going to help the president
reelect himself make America great again
and all that see and this is where I
have a problem with it Trump supporters
getting conned no no no no Trump
supporters are not known for being
gullible these are not people who can be
emotionally manipulated with a silly
slogan and a facebook meme or a
30-second sound bite that's ridiculous
to suggest otherwise would mean that
Trump supporters really don't pay
attention and we know that's not true so
the whole allegation is surprising to me
but it is more surprising when you find
out the amount of money that's alleged
to have flowed to these groups is almost
50 million dollars and that these
contributions came in the overwhelming
majority of them were less than 200
bucks you do the math on that you're
talking to hundreds of thousands of
people seems odd
seems off seems unbelievable almost
that's a massive demographic to be
tricked that easily and that is
certainly what the Trump campaign is
kind of suggesting has happened
whether or not I believe it it doesn't
matter the allegation has been made so
we need to do our part if you get one of
these robo calls if you get one of these
memes understand that it may not
actually be in support of the president
and it would be horrible to give your
money to somebody who said they were
going to do something and then not do it
and have no intention of doing it when
what you really meant to do was give
your money to somebody who said they
were going to do something who didn't do
it and had no intention of doing it that
would be pretty bad see here's the real
surprise though the public surprise
anyway fifty million dollars you notice
there's no cry to reform campaign
finance get rid of these political
action committees get rid of the dark
money of course not even with fifty
million dollars being whisked away
there's more money than that to be made
that should give you a good idea of the
scope we're good clear picture of how
much money is involved in our politics
some would suggest the fifty million
dollars is enough to sway a candidate to
vote others might suggest that it's
enough to flat-out buy one and in this
case it's not even enough to propose
reform when it's lost when it's diverted
that is a significant threat to American
democracy because votes are up for sale
with methods that as shown by this well
there's not a whole lot of
accountability and for every one of
those $200 donations
there's somebody out there with a
million that's looking to get something
in return but I wouldn't expect any
outcry from the administration to change
this because they're not really
interested in making America great
they're not interested in representing
those people who elect them the sad part
here is the difference between giving
the money to Trump's campaign directly
and giving the money to one of these
political action committees there's
probably not a meaningful difference not
to the person who made the contribution
either way it's probably going to go to
somebody that doesn't have their best
interests at heart anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night